Class 26

Method Overloading vs Method Overriding
Method Overloading - METHOD name is SAME within same class
Method Overriding - METHOD name is SAME in parent and child Class

Differences:
1. in Method Overloading parameters MUST be Different while in Method 		Overriding parameters MUST BE the same
2. in Method Overloading method signature MUST be DIFFERENT while in 
	Method Overriding MUST be SAME (name+parameters)
3. in Method Overloading return type CAN BE different while in 
	Method Overriding MUST be SAME
4. in Method Overloading WE DO NOT need inheritance while in 
	Method Overriding Inheritance is MUST.
5 We can OVERLOAD STATIC methods, but we CANNOT OVERRIDE static(method 		hiding).
6. We can Overload a Constructor while we CANNOT override a constructor
7. We can OVERLOAD private method, but we CANNOT override it
8. in Method Overloading no resrtiction for access modifiers while in  		Overriding  CANNOT be more restrictive
9. Final method CAN BE Overloaded , while final method CANNOT be Overriden

THIS Keyword:
Refers to the current class instance/object
this is used to access CURRENT members of the class (variables and methods).
this. - used for variables and methods
this()  - used with constructor

this keyword available for non static members
1. this with variables -this. is used to differentiate b/w local and instance variables
2. this with method - this. refers to the current instance method (if we do not use it by default compiler adds it)

this() - used to call current class constructor
			when we have overloaded constructors with can call 1 constructor within another one (known as constructor chaining)
this() - should you1 first statement within constructor

GrandParent --> Parent --> Child --> grandChild
Super Keyword: 
Refers to the immidiate super class instance/object
super.  - for variables and method in parent class
super() - for parent class constructor

1. super with variables  - super.refers to the parent class instance variables (need when we want to differentiate between child and parent variables)
2. super with method - super. refers to the parent instance method
(accessing overriden method)

super() - used to call a constructor of a Parent class